
This software is Copyright 2005-2011 Christopher L Palmer.

I wrote it all, but nonetheless I must give credit to, among others:

David Alpert, for working on the first version of the software -- while not a
line of that code remains, it lead me to actually learn how to program,

Janet Hanseth, who served as an invaluable living guide and helper when the
paper manuals fell short,

Natalka Roshak, without whose database expertise no judge would be assigned to
any round, among many other operations,

Thomas Mackie Dougherty, for erstwhile assistance at tournaments when the
software was working out kinks, and support through the auspicies of related
ventures,

David Parter, who held a lantern up to guide me through a fog of LaTeX and
finally blessed the program with presentable printouts, 

Charlie Sloat, who discovered the Mysterious Individual Event Slaughtering Bug,

David Cutler, whose new algorithm for panelling vastly improves upon the
half-baked method I was using,

The Yale Parliamentary Debate Association (Jay Cox, Beth O'Connor, David
Butkiewitz, Joe Ross, Andrew Korn, Mike Palmieri, Monica Mix, Aaron Zelinsky,
Adam Chilton, Cleve Doty, Rosa Po and many others) and the Columbia Debate Team
(Joe Lyons, Matt MacMorris ,Todd Berzon, Ganesh Betanabhatla, Subash Iyer, Joe
Anzalone and many others) for being living testbeds for the tournament
software,

Jessee Alexander-Hoeppner for the best ballot sorting method this side of
anywhere, and Jackie Newton for her tireless work doing the same,

My early co-tabbers and adopters: Edison Sanon, Greg Cunningham, Jonathan
Chavez, Sarah Donnelly, and Lisa Honeyman, who had dozens of suggestions for
improvements and hundreds of words of support,

Kieran Larkin, Alicia Slavis, Roland Burdett, Ron Steinhorst, and Dick Gaudette
for bringing the software to new horizons,

Jenny Cook, for bringing the idea and project into the MFL, and also for
getting me well along the path of coaching,

My own coaches, Randy Cox and Debbie Simon, who got me started in this whole
mess in the first place,

Josh Bone, who kept me in the game long enough to finish it, and oftentimes
sane enough to do so,

And, all my students, from the four-headed monster to the Brotherhood, with
everyone in between, from the most timid interper to the champion extempers. 

It's a circle, it's all good. 

